com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentContainerBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentContainerBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentFrontlineBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentFrontlineBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/fragment_volunteer.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.fragment_volunteer
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.SplashActivity
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.SplashActivity$1
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/InputFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputFragment$1$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputFragment$1$2
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.BuildConfig
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.LoginFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.LoginFragment$1$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.LoginFragment$1$2
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/InputData.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputData
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputData$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputData$1$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.InputData$1$2
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/CenterAdapter.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.CenterAdapter
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.CenterAdapter$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.CenterAdapter$CenterRVViewHolder
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/DoctorsFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.DoctorsFragment
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/BlankFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.BlankFragment
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/FrontLineFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$2
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$3
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$4
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$5
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$6
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$7
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FrontLineFragment$8
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/VaccineViewBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.VaccineViewBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/fragment_oxygen.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.fragment_oxygen
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentEditFrontLineBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentEditFrontLineBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/fragment_container.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.fragment_container
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/fragment_caretakers.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.fragment_caretakers
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/AddFrontLine.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.AddFrontLine
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.AddFrontLine$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.AddFrontLine$2
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.AddFrontLine$3
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/RegisterFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.RegisterFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.RegisterFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.RegisterFragment$1$1
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/LayoutItemsBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.LayoutItemsBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/News.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.News
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/MainActivity.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.MainActivity
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.MainActivity$1
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/DAOUser.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.DAOUser
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/FourmFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FourmFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FourmFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.FourmFragment$2
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/NewsAdapter.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsAdapter
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsAdapter$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsAdapter$NewsViewHolder
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentFourmBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentFourmBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/VaccineFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VaccineFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VaccineFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VaccineFragment$1$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VaccineFragment$2
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VaccineFragment$3
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentDoctorsBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentDoctorsBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/ActivityInputDataBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.ActivityInputDataBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/ScoreBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.ScoreBottomSheetBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentVolunteerBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentVolunteerBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentVerifyBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentVerifyBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/NewsFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsFragment$2
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsFragment$3
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsFragment$4
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/CenterModel.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.CenterModel
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentVaccineBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentVaccineBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/NewsItemClicked.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.NewsItemClicked
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/ItemsBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.ItemsBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/EditFrontLine.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.EditFrontLine
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.EditFrontLine$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.EditFrontLine$2
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.EditFrontLine$3
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentQuizeBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentQuizeBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/QuizModel.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizModel
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/RVAdapter.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.RVAdapter
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.RVAdapter$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.RVAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/QuizeFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizeFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizeFragment$1
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizeFragment$2
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizeFragment$3
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizeFragment$4
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.QuizeFragment$5
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentAddFrontLineBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentAddFrontLineBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/MySingleton.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.MySingleton
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/User.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.User
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentOxygenBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentOxygenBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentCaretakersBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentCaretakersBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/VerifyFragment.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VerifyFragment
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.VerifyFragment$1
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
com/example/code4covid_404notfound/databinding/TipLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.code4covid_404notfound.databinding.TipLayoutBinding
